
Since the begining of times languages ....

--or--

5 years ago I came to the us wanting to improve my english and accent. And after a couple years it went better.






We went back to the basics of human communication: learning language has to be social, from one person to another. 

to enable the miracle of communication.
team speaks 13 languages combined => we can communicate with 3 Billion people! (57%) 
Market is $100.00 B

broaden your horizon

partner is the best way to learn a language, as long as you provide a purpose.

I have, myself, practiced Japanese through language exchange but making it long term is hard. After the first couple times you:
- run out of things to say
- don't progress really fast 
- run out of purpose

- because not everyone is made to be a teacher 

To solve this, we created LanguageClub, the first online for language exchange platform ....


With LanguageClub, we make it easy for you to find the perfect language partner. As many westereners, you're into learning chinese. So hard and so intimidating, but a native speaker is gonna take your hand. a native speaker of the language you wanna learn who wants to learn your language. But that's only the first step. 
Here is where the magic happens: LanguageClub is a coop game for language learning. Lynn is in china (distric of san mateo) and she is your language partner who doesn't speak english yet. For the first round, it is her turn to be the teacher. 
Wo!
T: No! Wo!
Wo!
Chaching! => she validates. I level up. we're both happy. 
And everything that I learn here automatically goes to my notebook: my personal chinese knowledge bank.

And this is only the beginning, because there is so much more to build. At intermediate level, conversation will be a lot more free, but still purposed. 
LanguageClub is fundamentally a coopgame for language learning. we want to make linguistic riddles to get people to interact. 

Not only you learn a language, but you make lifetime friends.


LanguageClub is powered by twilio and Dolby for the best quality video and sound experience, and brand-empowered at language.club! Be ready to raise your horizons.


-------------------------------------------------


My 4 teammates an I can speak 13 languages combined. That's 3 BILLION PEOPLE we can speak to!!!! I am learning Japanese and I can tell you it's beautiful. But I can also tell that it's seriously HARD. Most people start, and then dropout because learning platforms today are based on self motivation. Such a waste for a 100B growing market. To us, language is all about communication and is fundamentally social.

That's why we created LanguageClub, the first online language learning experience that seals your learning into a lifelong friendship. And here is how it works: I want to learn chinese

LanguageClub will match me to an ideal language partner: a native speaker in china who also wants to learn English. 

[demo screen comes in]
This is Lynn. We do 10 mins of chinese and then we swap. Here is a sentence: "[first sentence to translate]" in english.
[conversation starts with lyn]
Ha CHACHING! Lynn is happy about what I just said. She validates it, I level up (for real). 
[next] [win!]
The words I learn automatically go into my own personal chinese notebook.

LanguageClub is built on Twilio and Dolby for the best clarity sound and video experience, and brand-empowered at language.club! 

Behind this simple example lies a universe of language co-op games to create. With LanguageClub, people bond over a purpose, and make life time friends. So be ready to travel further.